hi I'm marques Preston you know we're
here at Cherry Park doing trick tips
Marky's Preston and if you were here
with us earlier we were learning
frontside 180's to nose grinds now we're
gonna do a fake
same concept you want to go out there
and practice your fakie 180 step one
make sure you got your fake 180s off the
ground you know high enough to get onto
the ledge yeah it's so like when I'm
approaching a Ledge I like to give
myself a little angle and right before I
pop and make sure my shoulders I turn
so fakie 180s first I like to look at is
rolling up to it fakie 180 to manual
baking what I need to marry Ogas to you
know be assure me getting onto that
ledge reckon it be a manual or grind so
yeah once you get your back five rows
down your manuals down when 80s into
manuals down you know take it to the
legs hop on there try it
treat yourself nothing to it but to do
it
yeah that's a little it's a little
blindness true but like I said you know
give yourself a little angle make sure
you're gonna you're riding towards the
object knowing that you're gonna get the
top of it which is good enough then on
the beside it falling over it or into
another trick that you're not even
trying
so yeah it's a little blind you've got
it's all it's all a commitment from
there on once you pop that board off the
ground just commit for 180 reckon how
high the ledge is or even on the curve
you know start there for 180 to back
manual that's what I come
you know when you're when you're facing
going backwards down the set or up to an
obstacle this and now you want to make
sure your shoulders are set ready you
know with this trick you're turning so
you want to have your shoulders already
there
ready the girl with the trick rated like
throw your legs into position so I like
to ride I'll throw it back where its
blindside it's pretty normal so just go
with it right up to a back side and once
you pop your shoulders are ready you
know the way the way I ride up to it my
shoulders already turned ready to go
just with me into the ledge
this concludes our trick tips for the
day chip
you